I used you.
You're using me now
And that's fair.
You should know
You're at a disadvantage.
And when you do that, you get nothing in return.
I just hope Guoguo
To grow up safe and happy
Marriage and love
It didn't belong to someone like me
It's you
No need for me
Do something that consumes yourself
Are you sure you want to be used by me?
As long as Xiao Jiang never forgets
What kind of person is Wang Yu?
What do you mean?
I don't know what abacus Mr. Jiang is playing in his heart
But I think
You're not stupid enough
Let a dongzi like Wang Yu be by your side
You can use me to achieve your goals
My only request
I just hope that Wang Yu doesn't have the opportunity to treat the fruit
He's such a proud man
He actually bowed his head in front of me
In fact, I have already thought about how to treat Furong Yu
Pardon me?